Add learning outcomes to Sparse Linear Algebra (#163)
UNIVERSE-HPC/course-material: scientific_computing/sparse_linear_algebra/06-jacobi-relaxation-methods.md

name: Jacobi and Relaxation Methods
dependsOn: ["scientific_computing.sparse_linear_algebra.04-scipy-sparse"]
tags: []
learningOutcomes:
  - Be able to use iterative methods to produce a series of approximate solutions.

>   - Introduction to relaxagion methods like the Jacobi method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Understand the basics of relaxation methods e.g. the Jacobi method.
```
